c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\CarpenterApp.xr.xml
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\CarpenterApp.exe
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\CarpenterApp.pdb
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\CarpenterApp.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\CarpenterApp.exe
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\CarpenterApp.pdb
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\CubeSelectionPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\CubeSelectionPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\CubeSelectionPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\CubeSelectionPage.xaml
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\CubeSelectionPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\PyramidSelectionPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\PyramidSelectionPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\PyramidSelectionPage.xaml
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\PyramidSelectionPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\PyramidSelectionPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\InputPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\InputPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\InputPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\InputPage.xaml
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\InputPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\ResultPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\ResultPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\ResultPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\ResultPage.xaml
C:\Users\Aravind\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\ResultPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\PyramidResultPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\PyramidResultPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\PyramidResultPage.xaml
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\PyramidResultPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\PyramidResultPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\3dPyradmidPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\3dPyradmidPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\3dPyradmidPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\3dPyradmidPage.xaml
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\3dPyradmidPage.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\bin\Debug\CubeViewer.xbf
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\CubeViewer.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\CubeViewer.g.cs
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\CubeViewer.xaml
C:\Users\Aravind\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CarpenterApp\CarpenterApp\obj\Debug\CubeViewer.xbf
